state: canonicalize namespace on restore (#18017)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/18017.txt

```release-note:bug

> core: Fixed a bug where namespace were not canonicalize on snapshot restore, resulting in potential nil access panic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
core: Fixed a bug where namespaces were not canonicalized on snapshot restore, resulting in potential nil access panic
```
